PRIVACY POLICY


Our Services assist people in sharing their personal and professional contact information. Apt Enterprise
Solutions, Inc. does not take responsibility for users sharing information at their own discretion.
This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use, and share your information across our
websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, embeds, ads, and our other covered
services that link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”), and from our partners and other third
parties. For example, you send us information when you use our Services via your mobile device. When
using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your
information as described in this Privacy Policy. This includes any information you choose to provide that
is deemed sensitive under applicable law.
When this policy mentions “we” or “us,” it refers to the controller of your information under this policy.
If you live in the United States, your information is controlled by Apt Enterprise Solutions, Inc., 1229
Royal Drive, Conyers, GA 30094 U.S.A.
You authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States, and any other country
where we operate. In some of these countries, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding
when government authorities may access data may vary from those in the country where you live.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please submit a request via
support@meetapt.com.
Information Collection and Use
We collect and use your information below to provide, understand, and improve our Services.
Basic Account Information: If you choose to use Apt Services, you must provide us with some personal
information, such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Contact Information: If you provide us with your phone number or email, you agree to receive
communications to that number or email from us. We may use your contact information to send you
information about our Services, to market to you, to help prevent spam, fraud, or abuse, and to help others
use our Services, including through third-party services and client applications. You may use your
settings for email and mobile notifications to control notifications you receive from Apt. You may also
unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or the
instructions on our website.
Cookies: Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website
usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services. A
cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. We may use both session
cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor
aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our
Services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, some browsers’ settings can be
modified to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer.
However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Using Our Services: We receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our
Services, even if you have not purchased a service (“Log Data”). For example, when you visit our
websites, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third-party website,
application, or service, or visit a third-party website, application, or service that includes Apt content, we
may receive information about you. This Log Data may include your IP address, browser type, operating
system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including
device and application IDs), search terms, or cookie information. We also receive Log Data when you
click on, view or interact with links on our Services, including links to third-party applications. We use
Log Data to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we
show you, including ads. We keep Log Data as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP
address, email address, or phone number, after a maximum of 18 months, if not sooner.
Advertising: Our Services are not supported by advertising. However, we may use advertising related
information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you in the
future, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Apt.
We do not use the content you share privately in Direct Messages to serve you ads. Our Apt Ads Policy
also prohibits advertisers from targeting ads based on categories we consider sensitive, such as race,
religion, politics, sex life, or health. Apt adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory
Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”).
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not disclose your private personal information to users or third parties, unless directed by you, as
outlined circumstances described here.
User Consent or Direction: We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when
you direct Apt to provide contact information to other users (via verified connections), companies, or
organizations of interest. Apt will share your information when you have verified a connection between
the user, company, and/or organization according to the privacy settings you establish (users) or those
settings established by the receiving entity (company, organization) and provided to you upon verifying
the connection.
Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the
United States, and other countries. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help provide
our Services, such as hosting our various surveys and emails. We may share your private personal
information with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any
other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use
your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. We share your payment
information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing
address with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect and investigate fraud or
other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other
purposes associated with the acceptance of credit or debit cards.
Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or
disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law,
regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud,
security or technical issues; or to protect our or our users’ rights or property. However, nothing in this
Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s,
including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Business Transfers and Affiliates: In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger,
acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that
transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may
also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and
improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern
our use of your information and will always be at https://meetapt.com/privacy. If we make a change to
this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via email to the email address
associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective: May 1, 2018
